in canun the Israeli armies killed an
emergency worker inside the alal
hospital there are reports of intense
shelling and battles near the hospital
the Palestine red Cresent society says
soldiers have surrounded the facility
and workers are in severe danger nbal
farak is the spokesperson for the
Palestine red Cresent Society she's
joining us now from romala what are you
hearing about what's been happening at
the
hospital the situation is just
escalating at the hospital we just
learned the one of the individuals who
are taking shelter inside the hospital
being shot and injured with the injury
in the head Israeli drowns are now
calling for everyone inside the hospital
to leave the hospital stripped off their
clothes the situation is very dangerous
intense shelling is just taking place
with heavy gun fire Israeli uh vehicles
are now bulldozing the area in front of
the hospital and the surrounding area of
the hospital closing the main gate of
the hospital with barriers everyone
inside the hospital is now being trapped
uh since there is very intense and heavy
gun fire uh the life of all of the
Wounded patients and the medical staff
and those who are taking shelter are in
very dangerous because of The Continuous
um gun fire as well as as I said the
continuous shelling as well this is not
the first trade for Al AML Hospital the
hospital was under continuous preg for
more than 40 days and now again Israeli
occupation forces besed the hospital and
demanding everyone to leave from H
inside the hospital at the same time
they are uh firing um
um bombs at the hospital one of the
hospital rooms could fire because of the
smoke bombs being launched at the
hospital can you tell us how many people
are inside the hospital and who they
are inside the hospital is our medical
staff along with uh along with um the
patients and wounded I don't have um
accurate estimation now for the number
since also at the same time
communication blackout is still
continued at Al Hospital in hanun uh and
the only way to get information
regarding the situation there is through
the VHF radio where our teams try to
update us from a time to time regarding
the situation there and it's worth
mentioning that also today not only alel
hospital was ped but also again n
Hospital in hanun we should also
remember that aifa hospital for the
seventh day aifa Hospital in Gaza City
it is the largest medical complex in the
Gaza Strip being ped for the seventh day
yesterday five patients at asifa
hospital died because of the lack of
food as well as the water and the
medical care since Israeli occupation
forces continue to preg uh the hospital
with everyone uh all the patients and
the wounded their lives also at risk at
ashria hospital as the Palestine rent we
continue to call on the International
Community to intervene immediately to
protect the Health Care system in Gaza
to protect the hospitals and healthare
workers inside the hospitals n f from
Palestine red Cresent Society thank you
very much indeed